c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExample.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExample.pdb
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExample.xap
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExampleTestPage.html
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\PhpServicesExample.g.resources
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\PhpServicesExample.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\PhpServicesExample.pdb
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PHPServices.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PHPServices.pdb
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jean-françois\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExample.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExample.pdb
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExample.xap
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PhpServicesExampleTestPage.html
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PHPServices.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\PHPServices.pdb
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\PhpServicesExample.g.resources
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\PhpServicesExample.dll
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\PhpServicesExample.pdb
D:\JFC\phpservices-silverlight\dotnet-client\PhpServicesExample\PhpServicesExample\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
